it's counter bat'leth and gadget we're
here with the tactus looking at their
tactile touchscreen
excellent so here we have a 7 inch touch
screen built into a tablet standard form
factor tablet I'm going to show you is
the world's first dynamic touch
interface so we have here is a QWERTY
keyboard design I can just go ahead and
type on his note and as soon as I go
into keyboard mode you'll see the
buttons come right up out of the surface
of the display and allows me to type and
interact in a more natural way like you
would on a with a physical keyboard so
what sort of applications you see your
overlay being used for sure well
certainly you know we really describe
this as a tool that we provide to device
manufacturers they can implement this
dynamic surface and all sorts of
different ways I'm here we're showing
the keyboard QWERTY keyboard but you can
imagine gaming controls dial pad really
any layout that they want to have on
this on the surface but certainly in
terms of form factor we think tablet is
a really great market very little
differentiate and I would say today and
in that space you know they're going
thinner going a little bit lighter but
you know there's only only so compelling
that those
can become so we think really adding
this dynamic layer dynamic surface
technology and improving the interfaces
as interesting place okay so of course
the first thing people are going to
wonder about the durability of the after
of the panel itself so and we talked a
little bit about some of the testing
you've done so if maybe you could
explain it yeah sure so we have a full
rehabilitation facilities and
characterization lab so we do a lot of
testing on this to make sure that it's
going to be very robust visit cycle
testing is one of the keys for us it's a
unique test for our type of technology
that you don't have either on a keyboard
you know
on a standard touchscreen so and we're
seeing very good results many years life
on this we tested a failure and I'm very
happy with the results so far and have
what impact on battery life so the
device yeah so what's interesting is
this is a bi-stable system meaning that
once the buttons are activated for the
less than a second that it takes to
bring those up that's the only time that
the power is actually being consumed for
example right now there's no additional
power to maintain this state so very
efficient very little less than 1% far
less than 1% of daily use all right hey
thank you very much again this is Shana
Brad Fleming
[Music]